com/example/fakewechat/ui/login/LoginResult.java
 com.example.fakewechat.ui.login.LoginResult
com/example/fakewechat/ui/communicat/adapter/ChatAdapter.java
 com.example.fakewechat.ui.communicat.adapter.ChatAdapter
 com.example.fakewechat.ui.communicat.adapter.ChatAdapter$1
com/example/fakewechat/ui/Friend/FriendAdapter.java
 com.example.fakewechat.ui.Friend.FriendAdapter
 com.example.fakewechat.ui.Friend.FriendAdapter$ViewHolder
com/example/fakewechat/ui/communicat/activity/ChatActivity.java
 com.example.fakewechat.ui.communicat.activity.ChatActivity
 com.example.fakewechat.ui.communicat.activity.ChatActivity$1
 com.example.fakewechat.ui.communicat.activity.ChatActivity$2
 com.example.fakewechat.ui.communicat.activity.ChatActivity$3
 com.example.fakewechat.ui.communicat.activity.ChatActivity$3$1
 com.example.fakewechat.ui.communicat.activity.ChatActivity$4
com/example/fakewechat/ui/login/LoginFormState.java
 com.example.fakewechat.ui.login.LoginFormState
com/example/fakewechat/ui/communicat/util/LogUtil.java
 com.example.fakewechat.ui.communicat.util.LogUtil
com/example/fakewechat/ui/Main.java
 com.example.fakewechat.ui.Main
com/example/fakewechat/DBLogin.java
 com.example.fakewechat.DBLogin
com/example/fakewechat/ui/communicat/widget/CircleImageView.java
 com.example.fakewechat.ui.communicat.widget.CircleImageView
com/example/fakewechat/ui/Friend/FriendsActivity.java
 com.example.fakewechat.ui.Friend.FriendsActivity
 com.example.fakewechat.ui.Friend.FriendsActivity$1
 com.example.fakewechat.ui.Friend.FriendsActivity$2
 com.example.fakewechat.ui.Friend.FriendsActivity$3
com/example/fakewechat/ui/addressbook/User.java
 com.example.fakewechat.ui.addressbook.User
com/example/fakewechat/BuildConfig.java
 com.example.fakewechat.BuildConfig
com/example/fakewechat/ui/communicat/util/ChatDB.java
 com.example.fakewechat.ui.communicat.util.ChatDB
com/example/fakewechat/ui/home/HomeFragment.java
 com.example.fakewechat.ui.home.HomeFragment
com/example/fakewechat/ui/login/LoginViewModel.java
 com.example.fakewechat.ui.login.LoginViewModel
com/example/fakewechat/ui/communicat/bean/MsgSendStatus.java
 com.example.fakewechat.ui.communicat.bean.MsgSendStatus
com/example/fakewechat/ui/communicat/util/ChatUiHelper.java
 com.example.fakewechat.ui.communicat.util.ChatUiHelper
 com.example.fakewechat.ui.communicat.util.ChatUiHelper$1
 com.example.fakewechat.ui.communicat.util.ChatUiHelper$2
 com.example.fakewechat.ui.communicat.util.ChatUiHelper$3
com/example/fakewechat/ui/communicat/bean/MsgType.java
 com.example.fakewechat.ui.communicat.bean.MsgType
com/example/fakewechat/ui/notifications/NotificationsFragment.java
 com.example.fakewechat.ui.notifications.NotificationsFragment
 com.example.fakewechat.ui.notifications.NotificationsFragment$1
com/example/fakewechat/ui/communicat/widget/StateButton.java
 com.example.fakewechat.ui.communicat.widget.StateButton
com/example/fakewechat/DBregister.java
 com.example.fakewechat.DBregister
com/example/fakewechat/ui/home/MyAdapter.java
 com.example.fakewechat.ui.home.MyAdapter
com/example/fakewechat/ui/Friend/Timeutil.java
 com.example.fakewechat.ui.Friend.Timeutil
com/example/fakewechat/ui/addressbook/SortAdapter.java
 com.example.fakewechat.ui.addressbook.SortAdapter
 com.example.fakewechat.ui.addressbook.SortAdapter$ViewHolder
com/example/fakewechat/ui/login/LoginActivity.java
 com.example.fakewechat.ui.login.LoginActivity
 com.example.fakewechat.ui.login.LoginActivity$1
 com.example.fakewechat.ui.login.LoginActivity$2
 com.example.fakewechat.ui.login.LoginActivity$3
 com.example.fakewechat.ui.login.LoginActivity$4
 com.example.fakewechat.ui.login.LoginActivity$5
 com.example.fakewechat.ui.login.LoginActivity$5$1
 com.example.fakewechat.ui.login.LoginActivity$6
com/example/fakewechat/ui/register/ActivityRegister.java
 com.example.fakewechat.ui.register.ActivityRegister
 com.example.fakewechat.ui.register.ActivityRegister$1
 com.example.fakewechat.ui.register.ActivityRegister$1$1
 com.example.fakewechat.ui.register.ActivityRegister$2
com/example/fakewechat/ui/home/DataUtils.java
 com.example.fakewechat.ui.home.DataUtils
com/example/fakewechat/ui/home/FriendMode.java
 com.example.fakewechat.ui.home.FriendMode
com/example/fakewechat/MainActivity.java
 com.example.fakewechat.MainActivity
 com.example.fakewechat.MainActivity$1
 com.example.fakewechat.MainActivity$2
 com.example.fakewechat.MainActivity$2$1
com/example/fakewechat/ui/communicat/bean/TextMsgBody.java
 com.example.fakewechat.ui.communicat.bean.TextMsgBody
com/example/fakewechat/ui/addressbook/SideBar.java
 com.example.fakewechat.ui.addressbook.SideBar
 com.example.fakewechat.ui.addressbook.SideBar$ISideBarSelectCallBack
com/example/fakewechat/ui/Friend/SendFriendsActivity.java
 com.example.fakewechat.ui.Friend.SendFriendsActivity
 com.example.fakewechat.ui.Friend.SendFriendsActivity$1
 com.example.fakewechat.ui.Friend.SendFriendsActivity$2
com/example/fakewechat/data/model/LoggedInUser.java
 com.example.fakewechat.data.model.LoggedInUser
com/example/fakewechat/ui/addressbook/userDao.java
 com.example.fakewechat.ui.addressbook.userDao
com/example/fakewechat/ui/communicat/bean/MsgBody.java
 com.example.fakewechat.ui.communicat.bean.MsgBody
com/example/fakewechat/ui/addressbook/AddressbookFragment.java
 com.example.fakewechat.ui.addressbook.AddressbookFragment
 com.example.fakewechat.ui.addressbook.AddressbookFragment$1
 com.example.fakewechat.ui.addressbook.AddressbookFragment$2
 com.example.fakewechat.ui.addressbook.AddressbookFragment$3
 com.example.fakewechat.ui.addressbook.AddressbookFragment$3$1
 com.example.fakewechat.ui.addressbook.AddressbookFragment$3$2
 com.example.fakewechat.ui.addressbook.AddressbookFragment$4
 com.example.fakewechat.ui.addressbook.AddressbookFragment$5
com/example/fakewechat/data/LoginRepository.java
 com.example.fakewechat.data.LoginRepository
com/example/fakewechat/ui/login/LoginViewModelFactory.java
 com.example.fakewechat.ui.login.LoginViewModelFactory
com/example/fakewechat/data/Result.java
 com.example.fakewechat.data.Result
 com.example.fakewechat.data.Result$1
 com.example.fakewechat.data.Result$Error
 com.example.fakewechat.data.Result$Success
com/example/fakewechat/ui/communicat/bean/Message.java
 com.example.fakewechat.ui.communicat.bean.Message
com/example/fakewechat/ui/login/LoggedInUserView.java
 com.example.fakewechat.ui.login.LoggedInUserView
com/example/fakewechat/ui/my/myFragment.java
 com.example.fakewechat.ui.my.myFragment
 com.example.fakewechat.ui.my.myFragment$1
com/example/fakewechat/ui/addressbook/Cn2Spell.java
 com.example.fakewechat.ui.addressbook.Cn2Spell
com/example/fakewechat/data/LoginDataSource.java
 com.example.fakewechat.data.LoginDataSource
com/example/fakewechat/ui/home/FriendItem.java
 com.example.fakewechat.ui.home.FriendItem
 com.example.fakewechat.ui.home.FriendItem$1
 com.example.fakewechat.ui.home.FriendItem$2
com/example/fakewechat/ui/communicat/widget/SetPermissionDialog.java
 com.example.fakewechat.ui.communicat.widget.SetPermissionDialog
 com.example.fakewechat.ui.communicat.widget.SetPermissionDialog$OnConfirmCancelClickListener
com/example/fakewechat/ui/home/ShowDB.java
 com.example.fakewechat.ui.home.ShowDB
com/example/fakewechat/ui/Friend/Friend.java
 com.example.fakewechat.ui.Friend.Friend
